CS-554 Lab 1
Reviewing API Development
For this lab, you will submit a web server with the supplied routes and middlewares.

Verb	Route	Description
GET	/api/tasks	Shows a list of tasks. By default, it will show the first 20 tasks in the collection. If a querystring (Links to an external site.)variable ?skip=n is provided, you will skip the first n tasks. If a querystring variable ?take=y is provided, it will show y number of results. By default, the route will show up to 20 tasks; at most, it will show 100 tasks.
GET	/api/tasks/:id	Shows the task with the supplied ID
POST	/api/tasks	Creates a task with the supplied detail and returns created object; fails request if not all details supplied
PUT	/api/tasks/:id	Updates the task with the supplied ID and returns the new task object; task: PUT calls must provide all details of the new state of the object! Note you cannot manipulate comments in this route!
PATCH	/api/tasks/:id	Updates the task with the supplied ID and returns the new task object; task: PATCH calls only provide deltas of the value to update! Note you cannot manipulate comments in this route!
POST	/api/tasks/:id/comments	Adds a new comment to the task; ids must be generated by the server, and not supplied
DELETE	/api/tasks/:taskId/:commentId	Deletes the comment with an id of commentId on the task with an id of taskId
All PUT, POST, and PATCH routes expect their content to be in JSON format, supplied in the body.

All routes will return JSON.

Logging middleware
You will write and apply two middlewares:

The first will log all request bodies, as well as the url path they are requesting, and the HTTP verb they are using to make the request
The second will keep track of many times a particular URL has been requested, updating and logging with each request.
Database
You will use a module to abstract out the database calls.

You may find it helpful to reference the CS-546 lecture 6 code (Links to an external site.).

You will store all data in a database named as such: LastName-FirstName-CS554-Lab1.

You may name the collection however you would like.

All ids must be generated by the server and be sufficiently random!

The task object
{
  "id": uuid,
  "title": string,
  "description": string,
  "hoursEstimated": number,
  "completed": boolean,
  "comments": comment[]
}
The comment object
{
  "id": uuid,
  "name": string,
  "comment": string
}
Example task:

{
  "id": "956f8670-3bb3-460f-88cd-24ca7ee9091f",
  "title": "Make lab",
  "description": "Make the first lab for CS-554. Maybe talk about dinosaurs in it, or something",
  "hoursEstimated": 1,
  "completed": false,
  "comments": [
    {
        "id": "d0feb7c1-d4a8-4ca6-a8a7-2ed0a0189e28",
        "name": "Phil",
        "comment": "Considering lab about dinosaurs"
    },
    {
        "id": "3b4e3555-77d3-42af-ae38-03e463e95292",
        "name": "Jason",
        "comment": "Don't do dinosaurs..."
    },
    {
        "id": "294b9ef4-255b-4869-b6d1-105eece8add8",
        "name": "Phil",
        "comment": "Maybe make lab about REST?"
    },
    {
        "id": "8372caad-0ec2-477a-a496-1b64534759ec",
        "name": "Jason",
        "comment": "Definitely about REST."
    },
    {
        "id": "6f7098df-fede-45b5-9a20-5e85c107ada8,
        "name": "Phil",
        "comment": "Would dinosaurs agree with the idempotent standards of REST?"
    },
    {
        "id": "4db0a278-41aa-4e90-add8-2671b48cdb2b",
        "name": "Phil",
        "comment": "Do androids dream of electric velociraptors?"
    }
  ]
}
